Hello guys will come back in this video.
We're going to build the orders API.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's get a visual studio.
And you want to go to use your dog Jake.
So actually it counted as routes and what do you want to scroll down.
And you want to create the API belongs to users so we need to create it under ecology Yes.
So go ahead and do the
basic.
So what is going on is very straightforward.
We pass in the GMAT because we want to get the requester decoded so that you can search for only a few
using the older schema.
So we want to find all the orders belong to the owner.
So we repassing passing the request and the code it doesn't use or does underscore.
And we want to populate the products and products and as well as the owner of the product because we
want to get all the information and if we run exec and if there's an error a success falls couldn't
find an order else success true funny or and we just want to do to go ahead and test it before we test.
I made a mistake.
This one should be orders because it has to be the same as this one of course.
And we see if there's And finally we need to import or to schema.
So as we go up and copy this entire thing copy pizza here and change to order.
And this is to order as well.
So the next thing we need to do is we want to open up our power shelves so go ahead and click shif open
boat show and then see the Amazon all the server and run the server.
All right.
So the next thing we want to do is we want to open up postman so go here folks in
and we definitely have to log in using Pierian and G-mail com because that's what Adam Peterson used
in a previous section.
So as you go to API icons log in and go to very good time.
You know write in and ask for you mean you get a call and the password is 1 2 3 4 5 and submit and I'm
going to get all the talking copy and it will open up a new tack and type in a local pulse into the
accounts.
All right.
And then you want to get headers authorization because we're parsing a token and we want to send and
day you have it all the orders that Derian imported in the last section.
So we have let's check out your product.
The products are intelligent rubber mouse of course.
And then we have every reading and then we have.
And the problem is and then we have gorgeous to table and everything is good.
So we test everything so it shows up the products that we just pre-Chase and that's good.
Awesome.
I'll see you in the next video where we actually get to you know get in a specific order one by one
or CD-R's.